Presentation Feedback from Mike

Again, thanks for your work on the clone detection project.  It's an
interesting idea and you did a lot of good prototyping to produce a system
that you could experiment with.  Here are some comments on your
presentation.

The introduction to the talk felt extremely rushed -- both in the slides
and in the demo.  As a result, the audience didn't understand the problem
or your solution very well, and didn't ask as many questions as I would
have expected.  Please take care with the motivation and framing, or else
the audience won't appreciate what you are doing, how, or why.  Then, a
lack of questions indicates not clarity of your presentation, but
confusion.  Throughout the talk, I got the impression that the audience was
lost, due to the lack of background and unclear organization.

It was odd that time went *up* on your timeline.  Right would have been
more standard, and down also acceptable.

The talk needed a list of all possible actions (that the user can take in
the tool), early on, to prepare the audience for the structure of the
presentation.  You may have mentioned this, but too briefly and without
emphasis.  It wasn't even clear what each of the actions meant as you
introduced them, since the demo had not explained them.  Furthermore, you
need to justify your list of possible actions by tying it to programmer
needs and practices.  In fact, start with that.  The best way to motivate
the tool's capabilities.  is to present the actions as a logical and
complete response to programmer needs.

When you want to show a code transformation that is performed by your tool
or a programmer, the best way to do that is to show the before and after
versions simultaneously, side-by-side.  Otherwise, the audience can't
easily compare, and if anyone isn't paying strict attention at the moment
that you switch the slides, they will be lost.

You talked about your successes and failures in terms of your empirical
evaluation, which I really appreciated.  I would have liked to hear some
synthesis or lessons learned, from the point of view of the experimenter.
What are the takeaways regarding tool construction, deployment, and use?
What do you wish you had known before starting the experiments, or what
would you do differently if you did it again?
